Readme updates (#3305)
bpftrace/bpftrace: README.md

[![IRC#bpftrace](https://img.shields.io/badge/IRC-bpftrace-blue.svg)](https://webchat.oftc.net/?channels=bpftrace)
[![CodeQL](https://github.com/bpftrace/bpftrace/actions/workflows/codeql.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/bpftrace/bpftrace/actions/workflows/codeql.yml)

> bpftrace is a high-level tracing language for Linux [eBPF](https://ebpf.io/what-is-ebpf/) available in recent Linux kernels (4.x). bpftrace uses LLVM as a backend to compile scripts to BPF-bytecode and makes use of [libbpf](https://github.com/libbpf/libbpf) for interacting with the Linux BPF system, as well as existing Linux tracing capabilities: kernel dynamic tracing (kprobes), user-level dynamic tracing (uprobes), tracepoints, etc. The bpftrace language is inspired by awk, C, and predecessor tracers such as DTrace and SystemTap. bpftrace was created by [Alastair Robertson](https://github.com/ajor).

Reviewer: Technically speaking, we're still using BCC for probe attachment. Should we leave that in the README until we change to libbpf-based attachment?

Author: Ah. I thought we were only still using it for symbolication. I can add it back until we fully migrate.

Reviewer 2: Oops, I forgot that was separate from program loading! I went around tell everyone there was no more BCC after your last PR 😅

# Count page faults by process
bpftrace -e 'software:faults:1 { @[comm] = count(); }'

> # Count LLC cache misses by process and PID (uses PMCs):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Count LLC cache misses by thread name and PID (uses PMCs):
```
`comm` actually returns the name of the current thread. This is something that's been confusing users - didn't realise we had it wrong in the readme!

Author: TBH, I wasn't sure what to do about ALL of these examples in the readme as you'll notice that a lot of them say "by process" when grouping by `comm`. That's why I just removed the "name" in this heading.

Maybe it make sense to just change all the ones that use `comm` to say  "by thread".

Reviewer 2: What's wrong with saying "name" as well? "By thread" could be interpreted to mean something more similar to "thread ID".

On a system with multiple Python processes, `comm` will return "python" for all of them, so aggregating on `comm` will group different threads and processes together because they share the same name.

Author: > What's wrong with saying "name" as well? 

I was just removing for consistency with the other examples above but let's not focus on that.

> "By thread" could be interpreted to mean something more similar to "thread ID".

Ok, so how about "by thread name" so it's consistent with how we talk about `comm`?

Reviewer 2: Oh sorry, apparently I was too lazy to read your whole comment last time!
